1	Stench	By releasing a stench when attacking, the Pokémon may cause the target to flinch.	III
2	Drizzle	The Pokémon makes it rain when it enters a battle.	III
3	Speed Boost	The Pokémon's Speed stat is boosted every turn.	III
4	Battle Armor	Hard armor protects the Pokémon from critical hits.	III
5	Sturdy	The Pokémon cannot be knocked out by a single hit as long as its HP is full. One-hit KO moves will also fail to knock it out.	III
6	Damp	The Pokémon dampens its surroundings, preventing all Pokémon from using explosive moves such as Self-Destruct.	III
7	Limber	The Pokémon's limber body prevents it from being paralyzed.	III
8	Sand Veil	Boosts the Pokémon's evasiveness in a sandstorm.	III
9	Static	The Pokémon is charged with static electricity and may paralyze attackers that make direct contact with it.	III
10	Volt Absorb	If hit by an Electric-type move, the Pokémon has its HP restored instead of taking damage.	III
11	Water Absorb	If hit by a Water-type move, the Pokémon has its HP restored instead of taking damage.	III
12	Oblivious	The Pokémon is oblivious, keeping it from being infatuated, falling for taunts, or being affected by Intimidate.	III
13	Cloud Nine	Eliminates the effects of weather.	III
14	Compound Eyes	The Pokémon's compound eyes boost its accuracy.	III
15	Insomnia	The Pokémon's insomnia prevents it from falling asleep.	III
16	Color Change	The Pokémon's type becomes the type of the move used on it.	III
17	Immunity	The Pokémon's immune system prevents it from being poisoned.	III
18	Flash Fire	If hit by a Fire-type move, the Pokémon absorbs the flames and uses them to power up its own Fire-type moves.	III
19	Shield Dust	Protective dust shields the Pokémon from the additional effects of moves.	III
20	Own Tempo	The Pokémon sticks to its own tempo, preventing it from becoming confused or being affected by Intimidate.	III
21	Suction Cups	The Pokémon uses suction cups to stay in one spot. This protects it from moves and items that would force it to switch out.	III
22	Intimidate	When the Pokémon enters a battle, it intimidates opposing Pokémon and makes them cower, lowering their Attack stats.	III
23	Shadow Tag	The Pokémon steps on the opposing Pokémon's shadows to prevent them from fleeing or switching out.	III
24	Rough Skin	The Pokémon's rough skin damages attackers that make direct contact with it.	III
25	Wonder Guard	Its mysterious power only lets supereffective moves hit the Pokémon.	III
26	Levitate	By floating in the air, the Pokémon receives full immunity to all Ground-type moves.	III
27	Effect Spore	Contact with the Pokémon may inflict poison, sleep, or paralysis on the attacker.	III
28	Synchronize	If the Pokémon is burned, paralyzed, or poisoned by another Pokémon, that Pokémon will be inflicted with the same status condition.	III
29	Clear Body	Prevents other Pokémon's moves or Abilities from lowering the Pokémon's stats.	III
30	Natural Cure	The Pokémon's status conditions are cured when it switches out.	III
31	Lightning Rod	The Pokémon draws in all Electric-type moves. Instead of taking damage from them, its Sp. Atk stat is boosted.	III
32	Serene Grace	Raises the likelihood of additional effects occurring when the Pokémon uses its moves.	III
33	Swift Swim	Boosts the Pokémon's Speed stat in rain.	III
34	Chlorophyll	Boosts the Pokémon's Speed stat in harsh sunlight.	III
35	Illuminate	By illuminating its surroundings, the Pokémon prevents its accuracy from being lowered.	III
36	Trace	When it enters a battle, the Pokémon copies an opposing Pokémon's Ability.	III
37	Huge Power	Doubles the Pokémon's Attack stat.	III
38	Poison Point	Contact with the Pokémon may poison the attacker.	III
39	Inner Focus	The Pokémon's intense focus prevents it from flinching or being affected by Intimidate.	III
40	Magma Armor	The Pokémon's hot magma coating prevents it from being frozen.	III
41	Water Veil	The Pokémon's water veil prevents it from being burned.	III
42	Magnet Pull	Prevents Steel-type Pokémon from fleeing by pulling them in with magnetism.	III
43	Soundproof	Soundproofing gives the Pokémon full immunity to all sound-based moves.	III
44	Rain Dish	The Pokémon gradually regains HP in rain.	III
45	Sand Stream	The Pokémon summons a sandstorm when it enters a battle.	III
46	Pressure	Puts other Pokémon under pressure, causing them to expend more PP to use their moves.	III
47	Thick Fat	The Pokémon is protected by a layer of thick fat, which halves the damage taken from Fire- and Ice-type moves.	III
48	Early Bird	The Pokémon awakens from sleep twice as fast as other Pokémon.	III
49	Flame Body	Contact with the Pokémon may burn the attacker.	III
50	Run Away	Enables a sure getaway from wild Pokémon.	III
51	Keen Eye	The Pokémon's keen eyes prevent its accuracy from being lowered. It also ignores the target's stages in evasion.	III
52	Hyper Cutter	The Pokémon's prized, mighty pincers prevent other Pokémon from lowering its Attack stat.	III
53	Pickup	The Pokémon may pick up an item another Pokémon used during a battle. It may pick up items outside of battle, too.	III
54	Truant	Each time the Pokémon uses a move, it spends the next turn loafing around.	III
55	Hustle	Boosts the Pokémon's Attack stat but lowers its accuracy.	III
56	Cute Charm	The Pokémon may infatuate attackers that make direct contact with it.	III
57	Plus	Boosts the Sp. Atk stat of the Pokémon if an ally with the Plus or Minus Ability is also in battle.	III
58	Minus	Boosts the Sp. Atk stat of the Pokémon if an ally with the Plus or Minus Ability is also in battle.	III
59	Forecast	The Pokémon transforms with the weather to change its type to Water, Fire, or Ice.	III
60	Sticky Hold	The Pokémon's held items cling to its sticky body and cannot be removed by other Pokémon.	III
61	Shed Skin	The Pokémon may cure its own status conditions by shedding its skin.	III
62	Guts	It's so gutsy that having a status condition boosts the Pokémon's Attack stat.	III
63	Marvel Scale	The Pokémon's marvelous scales boost its Defense stat if it has a status condition.	III
64	Liquid Ooze	The strong stench of the Pokémon's oozed liquid damages attackers that use HP-draining moves.	III
65	Overgrow	Powers up Grass-type moves when the Pokémon's HP is low.	III
66	Blaze	Powers up Fire-type moves when the Pokémon's HP is low.	III
67	Torrent	Powers up Water-type moves when the Pokémon's HP is low.	III
68	Swarm	Powers up Bug-type moves when the Pokémon's HP is low.	III
69	Rock Head	Protects the Pokémon from recoil damage.	III
70	Drought	Turns the sunlight harsh when the Pokémon enters a battle.	III
71	Arena Trap	Prevents opposing Pokémon from fleeing from battle.	III
72	Vital Spirit	The Pokémon is full of vitality, and that prevents it from falling asleep.	III
73	White Smoke	The Pokémon is protected by its white smoke, which prevents other Pokémon from lowering its stats.	III
74	Pure Power	Using its pure power, the Pokémon doubles its Attack stat.	III
75	Shell Armor	A hard shell protects the Pokémon from critical hits.	III
76	Air Lock	Eliminates the effects of weather.	III
77	Tangled Feet	Boosts the Pokémon's evasiveness if it is confused.	IV
78	Motor Drive	The Pokémon takes no damage when hit by Electric-type moves. Instead, its Speed stat is boosted.	IV
79	Rivalry	The Pokémon's competitive spirit makes it deal more damage to Pokémon of the same gender, but less damage to Pokémon of the opposite gender.	IV
80	Steadfast	The Pokémon's determination boosts its Speed stat every time it flinches.	IV
81	Snow Cloak	Boosts the Pokémon's evasiveness in snow.	IV
82	Gluttony	If the Pokémon is holding a Berry to be eaten when its HP is low, it will instead eat the Berry when its HP drops to half or less.	IV
83	Anger Point	The Pokémon is angered when it takes a critical hit, and that maxes its Attack stat.	IV
84	Unburden	Boosts the Speed stat if the Pokémon's held item is used or lost.	IV
85	Heatproof	The Pokémon's heatproof body halves the damage taken from Fire-type moves.	IV
86	Simple	Doubles the effects of the Pokémon's stat changes.	IV
87	Dry Skin	Restores the Pokémon's HP in rain or when it is hit by Water-type moves. Reduces HP in harsh sunlight, and increases the damage received from Fire-type moves.	IV
88	Download	The Pokémon compares an opposing Pokémon's Defense and Sp. Def stats before raising its own Attack or Sp. Atk stat — whichever will be more effective.	IV
89	Iron Fist	Powers up punching moves.	IV
90	Poison Heal	If poisoned, the Pokémon has its HP restored instead of taking damage.	IV
91	Adaptability	Powers up moves of the same type as the Pokémon.	IV
92	Skill Link	Maximizes the number of times multistrike moves hit.	IV
93	Hydration	Cures the Pokémon's status conditions in rain.	IV
94	Solar Power	In harsh sunlight, the Pokémon's Sp. Atk stat is boosted, but its HP decreases every turn.	IV
95	Quick Feet	Boosts the Speed stat if the Pokémon has a status condition.	IV
96	Normalize	All the Pokémon's moves become Normal type. The power of those moves is boosted a little.	IV
97	Sniper	If the Pokémon's attack lands a critical hit, the attack is powered up even further.	IV
98	Magic Guard	The Pokémon only takes damage from attacks.	IV
99	No Guard	The Pokémon employs no-guard tactics to ensure incoming and outgoing attacks always land.	IV
100	Stall	The Pokémon is always the last to use its moves.	IV
101	Technician	Powers up weak moves so the Pokémon can deal more damage with them.	IV
102	Leaf Guard	Prevents status conditions in harsh sunlight.	IV
103	Klutz	The Pokémon can't use any held items.	IV
104	Mold Breaker	The Pokémon's moves are unimpeded by the Ability of the target.	IV
105	Super Luck	The Pokémon is so lucky that the critical-hit ratios of its moves are boosted.	IV
106	Aftermath	Damages the attacker if it knocks out the Pokémon with a move that makes direct contact.	IV
107	Anticipation	The Pokémon can sense an opposing Pokémon's dangerous moves.	IV
108	Forewarn	When it enters a battle, the Pokémon can tell one of the moves an opposing Pokémon has.	IV
109	Unaware	When attacking, the Pokémon ignores the target's stat changes.	IV
110	Tinted Lens	The Pokémon can use "not very effective" moves to deal regular damage.	IV
111	Filter	Reduces the power of supereffective attacks that hit the Pokémon.	IV
112	Slow Start	For five turns, the Pokémon's Attack and Speed stats are halved.	IV
113	Scrappy	The Pokémon can hit Ghost-type Pokémon with Normal- and Fighting-type moves. It is also unaffected by Intimidate.	IV
114	Storm Drain	The Pokémon draws in all Water-type moves. Instead of taking damage from them, its Sp. Atk stat is boosted.	IV
115	Ice Body	The Pokémon gradually regains HP in snow.	IV
116	Solid Rock	Reduces the power of supereffective attacks that hit the Pokémon.	IV
117	Snow Warning	The Pokémon makes it snow when it enters a battle.	IV
118	Honey Gather	The Pokémon may gather Honey after a battle.	IV
119	Frisk	When it enters a battle, the Pokémon can check an opposing Pokémon's held item.	IV
120	Reckless	Powers up moves that have recoil damage.	IV
121	Multitype	Changes the Pokémon's type to match the plate it holds.	IV
122	Flower Gift	Boosts the Attack and Sp. Def stats of the Pokémon and its allies in harsh sunlight.	IV
123	Bad Dreams	Damages opposing Pokémon that are asleep.	IV
124	Pickpocket	The Pokémon steals the held item from attackers that make direct contact with it.	V
125	Sheer Force	Removes any additional effects from the Pokémon's moves, but increases the moves' power.	V
126	Contrary	Reverses any stat changes affecting the Pokémon so that attempts to boost its stats instead lower them — and attempts to lower its stats will boost them.	V
127	Unnerve	Unnerves opposing Pokémon and makes them unable to eat Berries.	V
128	Defiant	If the Pokémon has any stat lowered by an opposing Pokémon, its Attack stat will be boosted sharply.	V
129	Defeatist	Halves the Pokémon's Attack and Sp. Atk stats when its HP drops to half or less.	V
130	Cursed Body	May disable a move that has dealt damage to the Pokémon.	V
131	Healer	Sometimes cures the status conditions of the Pokémon's allies.	V
132	Friend Guard	Reduces damage dealt to allies.	V
133	Weak Armor	The Pokémon's Defense stat is lowered when it takes damage from physical moves, but its Speed stat is sharply boosted.	V
134	Heavy Metal	Doubles the Pokémon's weight.	V
135	Light Metal	Halves the Pokémon's weight.	V
136	Multiscale	Reduces the amount of damage the Pokémon takes while its HP is full.	V
137	Toxic Boost	Powers up physical moves when the Pokémon is poisoned.	V
138	Flare Boost	Powers up special moves when the Pokémon is burned.	V
139	Harvest	May create another Berry after one is used.	V
140	Telepathy	The Pokémon anticipates and dodges the attacks of its allies.	V
141	Moody	Every turn, one of the Pokémon's stats will be boosted sharply, but another stat will be lowered.	V
142	Overcoat	The Pokémon takes no damage from sandstorms. It is also protected from the effects of powders and spores.	V
143	Poison Touch	May poison a target when the Pokémon makes contact.	V
144	Regenerator	The Pokémon has a little of its HP restored when withdrawn from battle.	V
145	Big Pecks	Prevents the Pokémon from having its Defense stat lowered.	V
146	Sand Rush	Boosts the Pokémon's Speed stat in a sandstorm.	V
147	Wonder Skin	Makes status moves more likely to miss the Pokémon.	V
148	Analytic	Boosts the power of the Pokémon's move if it is the last to act that turn.	V
149	Illusion	The Pokémon fools opponents by entering battle disguised as the last Pokémon in its Trainer's party.	V
150	Imposter	The Pokémon transforms itself into the Pokémon it's facing.	V
151	Infiltrator	The Pokémon's moves are unaffected by the target's barriers, substitutes, and the like.	V
152	Mummy	Contact with the Pokémon changes the attacker's Ability to Mummy.	V
153	Moxie	When the Pokémon knocks out a target, it shows moxie, which boosts its Attack stat.	V
154	Justified	When the Pokémon is hit by a Dark-type attack, its Attack stat is boosted by its sense of justice.	V
155	Rattled	The Pokémon gets scared when hit by a Dark-, Ghost-, or Bug-type attack which boosts its Speed stat.	V
156	Magic Bounce	The Pokémon reflects status moves instead of getting hit by them.	V
157	Sap Sipper	The Pokémon takes no damage when hit by Grass-type moves. Instead, its Attack stat is boosted.	V
158	Prankster	Gives priority to the Pokémon's status moves.	V
159	Sand Force	Boosts the power of Rock-, Ground-, and Steel-type moves in a sandstorm.	V
160	Iron Barbs	The Pokémon's iron barbs damage the attacker if it makes direct contact.	V
161	Zen Mode	Changes the Pokémon's shape when its HP drops to half or less.	V
162	Victory Star	Boosts the accuracy of the Pokémon and its allies.	V
163	Turboblaze	The Pokémon's moves are unimpeded by the Ability of the target.	V
164	Teravolt	The Pokémon's moves are unimpeded by the Ability of the target.